You've learned about security domains in
previous courses.
Now we'll explore one of those
domains further: networks.
It's important to secure networks because
network-based attacks are growing in both
frequency and complexity.
Hi there! My name is Chris, and I'm
the Chief Information Security Officer for
Google Fiber.
I'm excited to be your instructor for
this course!
I've been working in network security and
engineering for over 20 years, and
I'm looking forward to sharing some of
my knowledge and experience with you.
This course will help you understand
the basic structure of a network (also
referred to as network architecture)
and commonly used network tools.
You'll also learn about network operations
and explore some basic network protocols.
Next, you'll learn about
common network attacks and
how network intrusion tactics can
prevent a threat to a network.
Finally, the course will provide an
overview of security hardening practices
and how you might use them
to help secure a network.
There's a lot to learn in
securing networks, and
I'm excited to go on
this journey with you.
Ready to get started?
Let's go!